
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365590000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254806102000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              368098339                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                368085286                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1373279109                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 732108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97987373                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97987373                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       265088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876352                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1141440                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       265088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        265088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       559744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          559744                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13693                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17835                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8746                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    725096419                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2397089636                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3122186055                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    725096419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        725096419                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1531070325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1531070325                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1531070325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    725096419                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2397089636                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4653256380                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344860500     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365690500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261927000     71.63%     71.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.37%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21580                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              239971                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             21580                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.120065                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.217767                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   248.782233                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.028194                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.971806                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1073752                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1073752                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       121865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          121865                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115236                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       237101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           237101                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       237101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          237101                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11623                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9594                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        21217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          21217                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        21217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         21217                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133488                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124830                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087071                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076857                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             13608                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              8539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.999278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              719701                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             84.283991                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     7.051377                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   248.947901                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.027544                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.972453                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2931837                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2931837                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          722283                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           722283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          722283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730824                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730824                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730824                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17866                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4016.603032                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15680                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17866                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.877645                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1801.746701                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         45.886780                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         58.538892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   889.871428                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1220.559232                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.439880                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.014292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217254                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.297988                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980616                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    202370                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   202370                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4399                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6480                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   10879                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13608                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1407                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          4399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          7887                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4399                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         7887                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12286                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5507                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  9649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8186                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13693                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17835                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13693                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17835                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11987                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               20528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13608                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9593                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21580                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                30121                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21580                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               30121                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.484955                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459414                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.470041                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.853331                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.484955                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634523                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.592112                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.484955                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634523                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.592112                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8746                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              8746                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        44416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        44416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44416                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   26581    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134755                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44048                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127018                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21037                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261773                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65085                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731180                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729857                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729857                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702174                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76743                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702174                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987222                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491739                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264193                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136639                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127554                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731180                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97273                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426450     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140784     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127897     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730824                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              20528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             20528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            13608                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9593                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 73852                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       546624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2252032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2798656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            43730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  43730    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              43730                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.194202                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                194201525500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2449378744500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                4072783                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                  4072782                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1626152754                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 741324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                   119.42                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   486387562                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     486387562                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      3860544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     23081600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           26942144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      3860544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       3860544                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     17322752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        17322752                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        60321                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       360650                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              420971                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        270668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             270668                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     19879061                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    118853855                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             138732916                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     19879061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         19879061                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        89199876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             89199876                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        89199876                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     19879061                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    118853855                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            227932792                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                      421                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      41335                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     8028     36.47%     36.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     369      1.68%     38.15% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                     199      0.90%     39.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                   13415     60.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                22011                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      8011     48.29%     48.29% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      369      2.22%     50.51% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                      199      1.20%     51.71% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     8011     48.29%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                 16590                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0             192929987500     99.35%     99.35% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                27248000      0.01%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 9751000      0.01%     99.36% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31              1234725500      0.64%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total         194201712000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.997882                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.597167                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.753714                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1      0.13%      0.13% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      0.13%      0.27% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        624     83.65%     83.91% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          8      1.07%     84.99% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                         24      3.22%     88.20% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                        16      2.14%     90.35% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      0.13%     90.48% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                        24      3.22%     93.70% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      0.13%     93.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      0.13%     93.97% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      0.13%     94.10% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                        21      2.82%     96.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                        18      2.41%     99.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         2      0.27%     99.60% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      0.13%     99.73% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      0.13%     99.87% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      0.13%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    746                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   421      1.26%      1.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                       10      0.03%      1.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                 19239     57.36%     58.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                    1091      3.25%     61.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.00%     61.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.00%     61.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     2204      6.57%     68.48% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  889      2.65%     71.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.01%     71.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                9678     28.86%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.00%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  33539                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              2513                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                1833                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                 112                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                1889                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  1833                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    56                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.751691                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.847465                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         4502626500      2.32%      2.32% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user         189439691000     97.55%     99.87% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle            259394500      0.13%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      421                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            564063                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            76825966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            564063                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            136.201038                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          141                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         310140051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        310140051                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     69080673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        69080673                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      7655971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        7655971                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        44212                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        44212                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        49078                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        49078                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     76736644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         76736644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     76736644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        76736644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       320999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        320999                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       237686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       237686                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5378                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         5378                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       558685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         558685                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       558685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        558685                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     69401672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     69401672                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      7893657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7893657                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49590                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        49590                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        49078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        49078                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77295329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     77295329                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     77295329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     77295329                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.004625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.004625                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.030111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.030111                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.108449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.108449                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.007228                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.007228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.007228                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       308802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            308802                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            256413                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.999999                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs           387514607                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            256413                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           1511.290796                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   255.999999                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     1.000000                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses        1550914906                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses       1550914906                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst    387408209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       387408209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst    387408209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total        387408209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst    387408209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total       387408209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       256414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        256414                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       256414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         256414                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       256414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        256414                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    387664623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total    387664623                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    387664623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total    387664623                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst    387664623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total    387664623                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000661                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000661                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.000661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000661                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 541                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  4567040                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        574                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 2957                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                2957                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               74705                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp               3345                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          216                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1976                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         2530                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         5856                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total        12202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       143122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       143122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                  155324                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         6496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         2717                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1265                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio         3294                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total        14636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      4568648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      4568648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  4583284                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                71561                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                71561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               644049                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              644049                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total              201                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        71360                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        71360                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total               201                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total              201                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total            201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        71360                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        71360                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total             201                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide          201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total            201                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           71360                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                71360                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    421548                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4013.835006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      470916                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    421548                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.117111                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2073.816115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst          0.020699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          0.109654                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   185.981886                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1753.906653                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.506303                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.000027                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.045406                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.428200                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4077                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          132                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1982                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1886                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           52                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.995361                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   5176602                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  5176602                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       196092                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       153043                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  349135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           308802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                308802                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        50275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 50275                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        196092                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        203318                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   399410                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       196092                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       203318                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  399410                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60322                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       173334                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                233656                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       187411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              187411                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       360745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 421067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        60322                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       360745                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                421067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       256414                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       326377                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              582791                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       308802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            308802                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       237686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            237686                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       256414                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       564063                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               820477                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       256414                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       564063                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              820477                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235252                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.531085                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.400926                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.788481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.788481                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235252                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639547                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.513198                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.235252                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.639547                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.513198                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               199308                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    199308                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              236613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             236613                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq               3345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp              3345                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            270668                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        71360                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              95                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            187316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           187316                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       214482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total       214482                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        12202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1041442                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total      1053644                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                1268126                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      9146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      9146944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave        14636                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     39697920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     39712556                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                48859500                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            769397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  769397    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              769397                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             69440342                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               3363                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         67913425                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             7946822                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1951                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   27                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         6660886                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             77387164                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               5314                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    39                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         74574311                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits           379179046                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses              1875                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses       379180921                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                388403472                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts           387659270                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps             387659270                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses     284232840                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses      146151540                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              461520                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts     26187804                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts            284232840                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts             146151540                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    504391847                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes    202438819                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads    166926591                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes    140023404                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              77407656                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts            69457393                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            7950263                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       736927.748770                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       387666544.251230                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.998103                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.001897                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                  32873486                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        879791      0.23%      0.23% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu         178778736     46.12%     46.34% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult          1294501      0.33%     46.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     46.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd        64536032     16.65%     63.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp         2430478      0.63%     63.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt        30396510      7.84%     71.79% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult       31669994      8.17%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv            3390      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt           1110      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     79.96% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         69533928     17.94%     97.90% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         7953125      2.05%     99.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess         187028      0.05%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total          387664623                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             585547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            585547                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq              3345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp             3345                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           308802                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           237686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          237686                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       512828                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1449130                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1961958                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     16410496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     55877996                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               72288492                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           71683                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1206941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.059291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.236169                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                1135380     94.07%     94.07% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  71561      5.93%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total            1206941                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.048927                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 48926910500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2498305655000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                               18823198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                 18823192                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1576404477                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 741324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                    31.04                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   584215809                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     584215809                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst      1034112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data     20901056                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total           21935168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst      1034112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total       1034112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks     12509248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total        12509248                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst        16158                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data       326579                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total              342737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks        195457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total             195457                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     21135853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    427189369                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             448325222                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     21135853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         21135853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       255672142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            255672142                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       255672142                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     21135853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    427189369                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            703997364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                      15757                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     2429     43.89%     43.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      23      0.42%     44.31% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                      50      0.90%     45.21% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    3032     54.79%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 5534                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      2421     49.26%     49.26% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       23      0.47%     49.73% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                       50      1.02%     50.74% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     2421     49.26%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  4915                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0              48726664500     99.62%     99.62% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 1714500      0.00%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                 2450000      0.01%     99.63% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               180335500      0.37%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total          48911164500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996706                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.798483                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.888146                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1      0.17%      0.17% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                        308     53.66%     53.83% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                        228     39.72%     93.55% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          9      1.57%     95.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      0.17%     95.30% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         9      1.57%     96.86% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         9      1.57%     98.43% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         9      1.57%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                    574                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    58      0.50%      0.50% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  4704     40.15%     40.65% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     604      5.16%     45.80% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      757      6.46%     52.27% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                  605      5.16%     57.43% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                4987     42.57%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                  11715                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               811                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 722                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 724                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   722                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     2                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.892725                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.942095                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel         1930064500      3.95%      3.95% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user          46970692000     96.03%     99.98% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             10408000      0.02%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       58                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements            448610                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            26710961                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            448610                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             59.541609                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         109076666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        109076666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data     21305811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        21305811                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data      5361448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        5361448                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        19431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total        19431                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        21714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total        21714                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data     26667259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         26667259                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data     26667259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        26667259                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       226850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        226850                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       219216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       219216                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total         2544                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       446066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         446066                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       446066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        446066                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data     21532661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21532661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data      5580664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      5580664                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total        21975                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21714                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total        21714                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27113325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     27113325                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data     27113325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     27113325                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.010535                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.039281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.039281                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115768                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115768                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016452                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.016452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016452                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       261823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            261823                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements            130704                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            97689957                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs            130704                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            747.413675                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          137                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses         391457736                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses        391457736                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst     97701054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        97701054                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst     97701054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         97701054                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst     97701054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        97701054                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst       130704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total        130704                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst       130704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total         130704                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst       130704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total        130704                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     97831758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     97831758                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     97831758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     97831758                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst     97831758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     97831758                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001336                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001336                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001336                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  14                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   118784                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         15                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  156                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 156                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                2042                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                186                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp         1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio            4                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          160                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          208                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side         3722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total         3722                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    4396                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           16                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          220                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         1053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       118824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       118824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   119877                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                 1861                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                 1861                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                16749                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses               16749                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                5                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide         1856                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total         1856                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 5                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                5                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              5                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide         1856                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total         1856                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               5                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              5                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks            1856                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                 1856                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                    342913                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3980.079803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      273258                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    342913                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.796873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2181.047249                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   127.327710                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1671.704844                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.532482                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.031086                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.408131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.971699                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4029                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         1529                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          571                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         1917                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.983643                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   3926674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  3926674                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       114546                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        94293                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                  208839                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks           261823                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                261823                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        27705                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 27705                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst        114546                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        121998                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   236544                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       114546                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       121998                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  236544                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        16158                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       135101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                151259                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data       191511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              191511                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        16158                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data       326612                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 342770                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        16158                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data       326612                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                342770                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       130704                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       229394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total              360098                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks       261823                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total            261823                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       219216                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            219216                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       130704                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       448610                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               579314                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       130704                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       448610                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              579314                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123623                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.588947                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.420050                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.873618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.873618                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123623                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728053                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.591683                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.123623                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.728053                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.591683                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks               193601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    193601                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq              151415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             151415                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               186                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback            195457                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq         1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp         1856                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            191511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           191511                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         5578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         5578                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave          674                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       879141                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total       879815                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 885393                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       237888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total       237888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1053                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port     34327744                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total     34328797                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                34566685                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            540425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                  540425    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              540425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits             21549091                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses               2092                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses         20962342                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits             5603097                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses              1419                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses         5166180                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits             27152188                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               3511                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses         26128522                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits            94046112                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               458                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses        94046570                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                 97853832                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts            97828247                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps              97828247                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses      72331922                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses       42094515                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls              344171                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts      4289017                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts             72331922                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts              42094515                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads    132131315                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes     46136105                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads     42157641                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes     39507131                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs              27161619                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts            21556879                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts            5604740                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       21614.454429                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       97832217.545571                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.999779                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.000221                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                   4802531                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass        586566      0.60%      0.60% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu          35279650     36.06%     36.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult            46609      0.05%     36.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     36.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd        17381122     17.77%     54.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp            1731      0.00%     54.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt         9818884     10.04%     64.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult        7442432      7.61%     72.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv            3633      0.00%     72.12% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt           1145      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     72.13% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead         21591514     22.07%     94.20% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite         5605194      5.73%     99.93% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          73278      0.07%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total           97831758                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq             360249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            360249                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              186                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback           261823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           219216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          219216                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       261408                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1159717                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               1421125                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      8365056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side     45468765                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               53833821                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                            1864                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           843335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.002207                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.046924                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                 841474     99.78%     99.78% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                   1861      0.22%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             843335                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000662                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   662095500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2498967750500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1292438854                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               1292411474                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1461363311                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 741324                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.45                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   585538358                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     585538358                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       366528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       985920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1352448                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       366528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        366528                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       451968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          451968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         5727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        15405                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               21132                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          7062                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               7062                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    553587813                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1489090320                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            2042678133                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    553587813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        553587813                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       682632641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            682632641                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       682632641                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    553587813                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1489090320                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           2725310775                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       5568                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1758     47.45%     47.45% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      92      2.48%     49.93% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1855     50.07%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3705                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1756     48.72%     48.72% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       92      2.55%     51.28% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1756     48.72%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3604                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                502652000     74.17%     74.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 6900000      1.02%     75.19% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               168130500     24.81%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            677682500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998862                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.946631                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.972740                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      3.85%      3.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      7.69%     11.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4     15.38%     26.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3     11.54%     38.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         2      7.69%     46.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      3.85%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      3.85%     53.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     11.54%     65.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      3.85%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      3.85%     73.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      3.85%     76.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     19.23%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      3.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     26                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   120      3.13%      3.13% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.16%      3.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3327     86.78%     90.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       9      0.23%     90.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.03%     90.32% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.03%     90.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      286      7.46%     97.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   42      1.10%     98.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.23%     99.14% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  33      0.86%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   3834                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               406                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 192                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 192                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   192                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.472906                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.642140                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          525743000     77.58%     77.58% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            151939500     22.42%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      120                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             25575                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              408289                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             25831                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.806163                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          219                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1720171                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1720171                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       220789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          220789                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       166905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         166905                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4983                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5396                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       387694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           387694                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       387694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          387694                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         14583                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          505                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        25071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          25071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        25071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         25071                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       235372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       235372                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       177393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       177393                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5488                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5396                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5396                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       412765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       412765                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       412765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       412765                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061957                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.059123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.059123                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.092019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.092019                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.060739                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.060739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.060739                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             15508                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             12572                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.989530                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1335077                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12828                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            104.075226                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   255.989530                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           64                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5307227                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5307227                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1311083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1311083                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1311083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1311083                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1311083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1311083                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12579                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12579                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12579                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1323662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1323662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1323662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1323662                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1323662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1323662                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009503                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 552                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     2224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::3           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     21119                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4022.477560                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       35956                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     25140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.430231                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1016.349856                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1322.840986                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1683.286719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.248132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.322959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.410959                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4021                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1013                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2936                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           66                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.981689                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    246251                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   246251                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         6852                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   15097                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15508                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15508                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1925                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1925                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          6852                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    17022                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         6852                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10170                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   17022                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5727                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6843                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 12570                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8562                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8562                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5727                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        15405                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  21132                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         5727                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        15405                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 21132                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        12579                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15088                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               27667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15508                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10487                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        12579                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25575                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                38154                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        12579                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25575                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               38154                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455283                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.453539                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.454332                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.816439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.816439                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455283                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.553861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.455283                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.602346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.553861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 7062                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      7062                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13122                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              7062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         1872                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49326                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        51198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51198                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1804416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1806640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1806640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   29130    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29130                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               240078                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                920                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            57812                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              183099                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               162                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           28904                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               423177                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1082                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            86716                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              325008                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               529                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          325537                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1324191                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1322549                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1322549                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1274501                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4420                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               41967                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       128226                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1274501                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4420                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1766559                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       948148                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2839                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2764                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                425984                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              242344                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             183640                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            1324191                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    182890                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         19256      1.45%      1.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            832085     62.86%     64.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2108      0.16%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1305      0.10%     64.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               1      0.00%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               5      0.00%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             246      0.02%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           252337     19.06%     83.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          183999     13.90%     97.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          32319      2.44%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1323662                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              28219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             28219                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              384                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            15508                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10487                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        25158                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        68532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 93690                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       805056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2631536                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3436592                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            54599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  54599    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              54599                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
