
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365529000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254806021000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              366623883                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                366611208                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1367556610                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 732104                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.27                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97987211                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97987211                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       265088                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876416                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1141504                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       265088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        265088                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       559680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          559680                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13694                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17836                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8745                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    725217425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2397664754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3122882179                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    725217425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        725217425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1531150743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1531150743                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1531150743                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    725217425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2397664754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4654032922                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344799500     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365629500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261866000     71.62%     71.62% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.38%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21577                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              239945                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             21577                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.120406                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.242699                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   248.757301                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.028292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.971708                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1073633                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1073633                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       121846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          121846                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115229                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       237075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           237075                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       237075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          237075                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9590                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        21214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          21214                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        21214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         21214                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133470                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124819                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258289                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258289                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087091                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076831                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082133                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082133                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             13602                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              8538                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.999278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              719580                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8538                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             84.279691                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     7.052220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   248.947058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.027548                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.972449                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2931348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2931348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          722162                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           722162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          722162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8540                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8540                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730702                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730702                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011687                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17867                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4016.626707                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15673                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.877204                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1800.739459                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         45.885244                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         57.767861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   890.057850                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1222.176292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.439634                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.014103                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298383                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980622                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    202327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   202327                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4398                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6477                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   10875                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13602                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1406                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          4398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          7883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12281                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4398                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         7883                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12281                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  9653                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8183                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13694                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4142                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13694                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8540                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               20528                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13602                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9589                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8540                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21577                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                30117                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8540                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21577                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               30117                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.485012                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459710                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.470236                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.853374                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.485012                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634657                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.592224                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.485012                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634657                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.592224                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8745                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8745                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9653                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              8745                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8183                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        44417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        44417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44417                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   26581    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134737                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44041                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127007                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21026                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261744                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65067                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731058                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729735                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729735                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702053                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76732                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702053                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987046                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491640                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264164                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136621                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127543                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731058                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97261                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426357     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.51% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.71% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140766     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127886     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730702                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              20528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             20528                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            13602                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9589                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17080                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56758                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 73838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       546560                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2251456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2798016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            43720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  43720    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              43720                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000812                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   811877000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2255988993000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              182091617                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                182088663                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1475530555                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 735176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.55                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100188659                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100188659                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       516288                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       613952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1130240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       516288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        516288                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1891968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1891968                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8067                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         9593                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         29562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              29562                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    635918988                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    756213072                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1392132059                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    635918988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        635918988                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      2330362851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           2330362851                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      2330362851                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    635918988                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    756213072                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3722494910                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       67                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       6431                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1738     40.76%     40.76% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     182      4.27%     45.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.02%     45.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2343     54.95%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4264                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1737     47.50%     47.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      182      4.98%     52.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.03%     52.50% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1737     47.50%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3657                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                551042000     67.86%     67.86% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                13587000      1.67%     69.53% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     69.54% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               247385500     30.46%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            812063500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.999425                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.741357                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.857645                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.26%      5.26% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          1      5.26%     10.53% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          4     21.05%     31.58% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          1      5.26%     36.84% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     21.05%     57.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.26%     63.16% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.26%     68.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      5.26%     73.68% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.26%     78.95% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1      5.26%     84.21% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      5.26%     89.47% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      5.26%     94.74% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      5.26%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     19                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   180      3.90%      3.90% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.17%      4.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3699     80.19%     84.26% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     101      2.19%     86.45% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.02%     86.47% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.02%     86.49% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      382      8.28%     94.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   42      0.91%     95.69% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        2      0.04%     95.73% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                 196      4.25%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4613                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               536                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 199                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  26                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 212                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   199                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    13                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.395522                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.557162                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          638582500     78.64%     78.64% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user             89140500     10.98%     89.61% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             84340500     10.39%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      180                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             24280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              406792                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             24280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             16.754201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           70                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          182                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1870228                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1870228                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       257622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          257622                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       167685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         167685                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         5676                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         6224                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       425307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           425307                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       425307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          425307                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        16808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         16808                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          743                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        23537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          23537                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        23537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         23537                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       274430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       274430                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       174414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       174414                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6419                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         6419                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         6224                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       448844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       448844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       448844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       448844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.061247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.061247                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.038581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.038581                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.115750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.115750                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.052439                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.052439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.052439                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             13258                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             31195                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1524376                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             31195                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             48.866036                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5877707                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5877707                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1430433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1430433                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1430433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1430433                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1430433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1430433                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        31195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         31195                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        31195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          31195                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        31195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         31195                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1461628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1461628                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1461628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1461628                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1461628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1461628                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.021343                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.021343                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.021343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.021343                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                 166                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                  1368064                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                        168                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1214                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1214                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               22358                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                982                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          438                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1312                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1672                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         4298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        42846                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   47144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1804                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          836                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total      1368440                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                  1373366                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                21423                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                21423                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               192807                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              192807                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               47                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        21376                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                47                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               47                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             47                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        21376                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        21376                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              47                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             47                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                21376                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17625                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4019.574799                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       19117                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.084652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1311.858363                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          8.779512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1677.854187                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1020.082738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.320278                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002143                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.409632                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.249044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981342                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4065                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           38                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          547                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3469                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992432                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    299471                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   299471                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23128                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        12600                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   35728                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13258                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2073                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  2073                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         23128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         14673                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    37801                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        23128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        14673                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   37801                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8067                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4951                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 13018                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4656                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8067                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9607                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17674                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8067                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9607                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17674                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31195                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        17551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               48746                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13258                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6729                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31195                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                55475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31195                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        24280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               55475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.258599                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.282092                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.267058                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.691930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.691930                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.258599                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395675                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.318594                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.258599                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.395675                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.318594                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8186                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8186                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14232                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               982                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             29562                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        21376                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              14                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4642                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        64222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        64222                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4298                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        43534                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        47832                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 112054                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      2739136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      2739136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4926                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1654144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1659070                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 4398206                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             70808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   70808    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               70808                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               279957                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                848                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            31727                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              181460                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               172                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   23                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           19459                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               461417                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1020                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    35                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            51186                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              244877                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               580                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          245457                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1623821                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1460573                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1460573                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1404828                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3366                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               61322                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       139936                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1404828                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3366                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1893620                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes      1058270                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         1527                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         1460                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                465073                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              282876                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             182197                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       161611.398001                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1462209.601999                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.900475                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.099525                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    216790                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         21200      1.45%      1.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            922751     63.13%     64.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             2603      0.18%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd             558      0.04%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              11      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               6      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           295751     20.23%     85.03% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          182917     12.51%     97.55% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          35830      2.45%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1461628                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              49913                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             49913                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              982                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            13258                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6729                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        66116                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                128506                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1996480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2407358                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4403838                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           21441                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            92305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.232089                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.422168                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  70882     76.79%     76.79% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  21423     23.21%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              92305                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000175                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   175400000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2256164393000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              778367254                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                778314359                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1357819763                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 736200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.13                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100534482                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100534482                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        87808                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       110528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total             198336                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        87808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         87808                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        87296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           87296                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         1372                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         1727                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                3099                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          1364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               1364                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    500615735                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    630148233                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1130763968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    500615735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        500615735                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       497696693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            497696693                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       497696693                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    500615735                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    630148233                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           1628460661                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        3                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                        480                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                       84     36.05%     36.05% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                       1      0.43%     36.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     148     63.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                  233                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                        84     49.70%     49.70% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                        1      0.59%     50.30% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                       84     49.70%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                   169                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                163307500     93.17%     93.17% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                   71500      0.04%     93.21% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                11899500      6.79%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            175278500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.567568                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.725322                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1     33.33%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1     33.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1     33.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                      3                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                    16      5.35%      5.35% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   209     69.90%     75.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      13      4.35%     79.60% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                       23      7.69%     87.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                    6      2.01%     89.30% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  32     10.70%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                    299                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel                37                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                  22                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   2                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                  23                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                    22                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     1                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.621622                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.754098                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel           33954000     19.37%     19.37% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            138147500     78.82%     98.19% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle              3177000      1.81%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                       16                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements              4190                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              119087                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs              4190                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             28.421718                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          234                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            379286                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses           379286                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        62747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total           62747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        26043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total          26043                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          362                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          432                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data        88790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total            88790                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        88790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total           88790                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total          2221                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1898                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         1898                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           71                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         4119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total           4119                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         4119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total          4119                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        64968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total        64968                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        27941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total        27941                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          433                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          432                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total        92909                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        92909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total        92909                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.034186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.034186                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.067929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.067929                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.163972                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.163972                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.044334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.044334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.044334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks         2872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total              2872                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              3295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              358232                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            108.719879                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          252                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            1                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           1387051                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          1387051                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       342644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          342644                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       342644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           342644                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       342644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          342644                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3295                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         3295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       345939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       345939                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       345939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       345939                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       345939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       345939                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009525                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.009525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.009525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.009525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   3                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    24576                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                   11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                  11                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 401                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio            6                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           48                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          770                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                     824                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio           24                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           27                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total           51                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        24584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    24635                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  385                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  385                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 3465                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                3465                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                1                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total          384                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 1                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                1                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          384                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total          384                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  384                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                      3106                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  3984.928869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       10101                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      3106                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      3.252093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1279.227520                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          7.985445                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1906.624846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   790.091058                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.312311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.465485                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.192893                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.972883                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4052                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          464                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          492                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3082                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989258                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     46419                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    46419                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1923                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1613                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                    3536                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks             2872                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                  2872                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   849                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          1923                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          2462                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     4385                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         1923                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         2462                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    4385                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1372                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          679                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  2051                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         1049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                1049                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1372                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   3100                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1372                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         1728                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  3100                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3295                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2292                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                5587                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks         2872                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total              2872                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         1898                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              1898                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3295                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4190                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 7485                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         3295                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data         4190                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                7485                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.416388                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.296248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.367102                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.552687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.552687                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.416388                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.412411                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.414162                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.416388                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.412411                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.414162                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  980                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       980                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               2062                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              1364                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp          384                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              1048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             1048                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total         1154                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           54                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         7180                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         7234                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   8388                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        49216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        49216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave           51                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port       261056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total       261107                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  310323                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              4876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    4876    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                4876                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits                65238                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                 93                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            53038                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits               28365                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses                23                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           13753                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits                93603                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                116                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            66791                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              280006                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                64                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          280070                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   350803                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              345823                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                345823                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        270344                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses          88011                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls                6975                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        26143                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               270344                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                 88011                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       453758                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       186130                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       107320                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes        74842                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                 93940                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts               65504                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts              28436                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles        4800.041022                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       346002.958978                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.986317                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.013683                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     36712                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         20806      6.01%      6.01% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            174024     50.30%     56.32% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              626      0.18%     56.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     56.50% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           28728      8.30%     64.80% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp            3687      1.07%     65.87% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt            2955      0.85%     66.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult          17211      4.98%     71.70% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             404      0.12%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              3      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     71.82% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead            66197     19.14%     90.95% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite           28475      8.23%     99.18% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess           2823      0.82%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             345939                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               5597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              5597                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq                17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp               17                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback             2872                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             1898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            1898                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         6590                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        11306                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 17896                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       210880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       452019                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 662899                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             386                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            10769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.035751                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.185677                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  10384     96.42%     96.42% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    385      3.58%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              10769                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000522                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   522481000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2256686874000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              267784252                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                267777395                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1377322805                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 736200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.38                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101577846                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101577846                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       317760                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       915264                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1233024                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       317760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        317760                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       443840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          443840                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4965                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14301                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               19266                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6935                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    608175226                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1751765136                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            2359940361                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    608175226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        608175226                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       849485436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            849485436                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       849485436                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    608175226                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1751765136                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3209425797                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       4220                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1061     44.41%     44.41% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     158      6.61%     51.03% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1170     48.97%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 2389                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1059     46.53%     46.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      158      6.94%     53.47% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1059     46.53%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  2276                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                414039000     79.25%     79.25% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                11850000      2.27%     81.52% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                96554500     18.48%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            522443500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998115                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.905128                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.952700                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      4.00%      4.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      8.00%     12.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          5     20.00%     32.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      8.00%     40.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      4.00%     44.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      4.00%     48.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      4.00%     52.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     12.00%     64.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      4.00%     68.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      4.00%     72.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      4.00%     76.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         5     20.00%     96.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      4.00%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     25                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   121      4.91%      4.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.24%      5.15% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  1877     76.18%     81.33% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      11      0.45%     81.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.04%     81.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.04%     81.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      354     14.37%     96.23% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   41      1.66%     97.89% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.37%     98.25% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  43      1.75%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   2464                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               475                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 194                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 194                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   194                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.408421                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.579970                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          392270500     75.08%     75.08% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            130173000     24.92%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      121                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             23625                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              345280                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             23881                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             14.458356                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          226                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1460381                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1460381                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       179024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          179024                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       149484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         149484                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3402                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3653                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       328508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           328508                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       328508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          328508                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        13205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         13205                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10015                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          406                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          406                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        23220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          23220                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        23220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         23220                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       192229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       192229                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       159499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       159499                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3808                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3653                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       351728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       351728                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       351728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       351728                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.068694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.068694                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.062790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.062790                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.106618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.106618                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.066017                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.066017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.066017                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        14533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             14533                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             12381                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.986762                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1041837                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             12637                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             82.443381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   255.986762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999948                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          106                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           56                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           4190232                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          4190232                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1032073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1032073                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1032073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1032073                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1032073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1032073                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         12388                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          12388                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        12388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         12388                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1044461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1044461                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1044461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1044461                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1044461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1044461                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011861                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011861                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011861                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  948                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 948                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 652                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                652                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          316                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1264                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         3200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    3200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1738                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          810                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         3812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                     3812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                   16                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     19275                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4027.892202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       50917                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     23260                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.189037                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1347.878775                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          6.282541                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1434.127299                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1238.603587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.329072                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.350129                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.302393                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3985                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2864                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.972900                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    231411                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   231411                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         7423                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         7657                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   15080                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            14533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 14533                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1667                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1667                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          7423                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          9324                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    16747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         7423                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         9324                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   16747                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4965                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5954                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 10919                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8347                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4965                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14301                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  19266                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4965                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14301                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 19266                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        12388                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        13611                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               25999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        14533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             14533                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10014                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        12388                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                36013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        12388                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               36013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.400791                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.437440                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.419978                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.833533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.833533                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.400791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.605333                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.534973                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.400791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.605333                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.534973                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6935                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               11867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              11867                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               652                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6935                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8347                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3200                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45467                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        48667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  48667                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         3812                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1676864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1680676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1680676                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             27801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   27801    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               27801                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               195502                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                904                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            55139                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              163795                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               162                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           27149                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               359297                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1066                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            82288                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              306377                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               501                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          306878                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1044962                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1043364                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1043364                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1002180                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4436                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               38204                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       103432                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1002180                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4436                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1375162                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       719352                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2855                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2772                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                362240                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              197901                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             164339                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles            1044962                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    150728                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         19139      1.83%      1.83% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            624669     59.81%     61.64% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              925      0.09%     61.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     61.73% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1305      0.12%     61.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               3      0.00%     61.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               6      0.00%     61.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     61.85% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             245      0.02%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           206082     19.73%     81.61% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          164701     15.77%     97.38% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          27385      2.62%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1044461                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              26947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             26947                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              652                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            14533                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10014                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        24776                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        64985                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 89761                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       792832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2445924                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3238756                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            52147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  52147    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              52147                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
