
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000366                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   365617500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2254807108000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              353784516                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                353754681                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1319867531                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 732108                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.28                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                    97989385                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      97989385                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       264832                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       876544                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1141376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       264832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        264832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       559808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          559808                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         4138                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        13696                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               17834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          8747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               8747                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    724341696                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   2397434477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            3121776173                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    724341696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        724341696                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1531130211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1531130211                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1531130211                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    724341696                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   2397434477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           4652906384                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       2556                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      529     49.49%     49.49% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                     540     50.51%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 1069                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       527     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      527     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1054                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                344888000     94.30%     94.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                20830000      5.70%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            365718000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.996219                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.975926                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.985968                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      5.56%      5.56% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2     11.11%     16.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2     11.11%     27.78% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         1      5.56%     33.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      5.56%     38.89% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      5.56%     44.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         3     16.67%     61.11% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      5.56%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      5.56%     72.22% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         4     22.22%     94.44% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      5.56%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     18                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   118      9.57%      9.57% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.49%     10.06% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                   886     71.86%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       1      0.08%     82.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.08%     82.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.08%     82.16% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      183     14.84%     97.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   33      2.68%     99.68% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        4      0.32%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   1233                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               301                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 181                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   181                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.601329                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.751037                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          261954500     71.63%     71.63% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            103763500     28.37%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      118                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             21578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              239983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             21578                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             11.121652                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data     7.199121                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   248.800879                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data     0.028122                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.971878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          222                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1073790                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1073790                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       121873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          121873                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       115240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         115240                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         2002                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       237113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           237113                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       237113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          237113                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        11620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         11620                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         9595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         9595                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          364                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        21215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          21215                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        21215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         21215                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       133493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       133493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       124835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       124835                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         2366                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         2359                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       258328                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       258328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       258328                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.087046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.087046                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.076861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.076861                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.153846                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.082124                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.082124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.082124                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        13605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             13605                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              8539                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.999278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              719756                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              8539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             84.290432                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst     7.050997                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   248.948281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst     0.027543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.972454                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999997                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           58                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           2932057                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          2932057                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          722338                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           722338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       722338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          722338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          8541                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           8541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          8541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       730879                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       730879                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       730879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       730879                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.011686                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.011686                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.011686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.011686                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     17864                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4016.588733                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       15600                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     17864                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      0.873265                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1801.182896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst         45.778874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data         58.223702                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   890.242552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1221.160709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.439742                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.011176                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.014215                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.217344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298135                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.980612                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          3992                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          993                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2857                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          133                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.974609                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    202349                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   202349                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4403                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         6473                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   10876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            13605                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 13605                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1409                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst          4403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data          7882                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    12285                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst         4403                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data         7882                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   12285                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4138                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         5511                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                  9649                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8185                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4138                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        13696                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  17834                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         4138                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        13696                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 17834                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        11984                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               20525                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        13605                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             13605                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         9594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              9594                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                30119                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         8541                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        21578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               30119                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.484487                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.459863                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.470110                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.853137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.853137                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.484487                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634721                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.592118                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.484487                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.634721                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.592118                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8747                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               9649                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              8747                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8185                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        44415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        44415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  44415                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1701184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             26581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   26581    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               26581                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               134760                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                773                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            44048                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              127023                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               161                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   21                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           21042                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               261783                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                934                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    33                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            65090                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              228247                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               356                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          228603                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   731235                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              729912                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                729912                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        702229                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3891                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               15297                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        76748                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               702229                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3891                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads       987302                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       491784                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         2507                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2473                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                264203                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              136644                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             127559                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             731235                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     97278                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         15110      2.07%      2.07% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            426495     58.35%     60.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult              705      0.10%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     60.52% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1218      0.17%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt               0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              0      0.00%     60.68% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             230      0.03%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     60.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           140789     19.26%     79.98% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          127902     17.50%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          18430      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             730879                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              20525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             20525                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            13605                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             9594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            9594                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        17082                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        56763                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                 73845                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side       546624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2251712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                2798336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            43725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  43725    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              43725                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000712                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   711920500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2255890173000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              170075198                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                170072607                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1210326328                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 733132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.59                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100036170                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100036170                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       553344                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       619904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1173248                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       553344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        553344                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks      1275904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total         1275904                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         8646                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data         9686                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               18332                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks         19936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total              19936                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    777255326                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data    870748911                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            1648004236                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    777255326                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        777255326                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks      1792200112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total           1792200112                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks      1792200112                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    777255326                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data    870748911                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3440204349                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       64                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       5686                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     1548     39.89%     39.89% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                     166      4.28%     44.16% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::22                       1      0.03%     44.19% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2166     55.81%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 3881                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      1546     47.44%     47.44% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                      166      5.09%     52.53% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::22                        1      0.03%     52.56% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     1546     47.44%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  3259                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                490167000     68.83%     68.83% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                12387000      1.74%     70.57% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::22                   49000      0.01%     70.58% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31               209536000     29.42%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            712139000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.998708                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::22                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.713758                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.839732                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      3.85%      3.85% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      7.69%     11.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          6     23.08%     34.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          2      7.69%     42.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         4     15.38%     57.69% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      3.85%     61.54% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         1      3.85%     65.38% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      3.85%     69.23% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      3.85%     73.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      3.85%     76.92% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         2      7.69%     84.62% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         1      3.85%     88.46% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::144                        1      3.85%     92.31% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                        1      3.85%     96.15% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                        1      3.85%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     26                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   148      3.59%      3.59% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        8      0.19%      3.79% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  3371     81.88%     85.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                     103      2.50%     88.17% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.02%     88.20% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.02%     88.22% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      343      8.33%     96.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   49      1.19%     97.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        3      0.07%     97.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  89      2.16%     99.98% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrunique                   1      0.02%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   4117                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               471                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 175                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                  20                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 185                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   175                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                    10                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.392781                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.555556                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          550837000     77.35%     77.35% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            112283500     15.77%     93.12% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle             49018500      6.88%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      148                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             23115                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              369610                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             23115                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             15.990050                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           34                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1704907                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1704907                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       232635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          232635                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       155159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         155159                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         4527                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         4527                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         5012                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         5012                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       387794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           387794                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       387794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          387794                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        15785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         15785                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6693                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total         6693                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          637                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          637                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        22478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          22478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        22478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         22478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       248420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       248420                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       161852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       161852                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         5164                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         5012                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         5012                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       410272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       410272                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       410272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       410272                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.063542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.063542                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.041353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.041353                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.123354                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.054788                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.054788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.054788                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        12685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             12685                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             31297                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.999738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1352800                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             31297                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             43.224590                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   255.999738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999999                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          112                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          144                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           5258190                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          5258190                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1275425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         1275425                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1275425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          1275425                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst      1275425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         1275425                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        31298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         31298                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        31298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          31298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        31298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         31298                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1306723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1306723                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1306723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1306723                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1306723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1306723                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.023952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.023952                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                  87                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                   737280                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                         93                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 1108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                1108                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq               12453                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                933                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        11520                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          406                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           40                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1184                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio         1528                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          864                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         4022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        23100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        23100                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                   27122                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio         1624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio          160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1628                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          764                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          486                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         4662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side       737520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total       737520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                   742182                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                11550                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                11550                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::1           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses               103950                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses              103950                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total               30                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide        11520                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total        11520                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                30                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total               30                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total             30                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide        11520                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total        11520                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total              30                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide           30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total             30                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks           11520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                11520                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     18234                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4021.002867                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       21110                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     18234                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      1.157727                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1411.501020                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          9.674862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1662.570815                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   936.256170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.344605                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.002362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.405901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.228578                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.981690                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4063                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          867                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3161                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.991943                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    293556                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   293556                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22652                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data        11593                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   34245                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            12685                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 12685                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1823                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1823                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         22652                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         13416                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    36068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        22652                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        13416                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   36068                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8646                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4829                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 13475                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         4870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                4870                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8646                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data         9699                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  18345                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         8646                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data         9699                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 18345                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31298                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        16422                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               47720                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        12685                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             12685                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         6693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total              6693                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31298                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23115                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                54413                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        31298                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        23115                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               54413                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276248                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.294057                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.282376                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.727626                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.727626                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276248                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419598                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.337144                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.276248                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.419598                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.337144                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 8416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      8416                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               14583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              14583                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               933                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback             19936                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq        11520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp        11520                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              13                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              4857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             4857                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        34620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total        34620                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4022                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        45106                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        49128                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  83748                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1476480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total      1476480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         4662                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1711872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1716534                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 3193014                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             51842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   51842    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               51842                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               252982                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                749                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            45247                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              167694                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               125                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   26                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           25178                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               420676                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                874                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    38                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            70425                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              284295                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               490                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          284785                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1423905                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1305811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1305811                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses       1258356                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           3036                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               54274                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       128124                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts              1258356                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  3036                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1697213                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       940785                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         1544                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         1413                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                423714                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              255423                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             168291                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       116689.408654                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1307215.591346                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.918050                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.081950                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    196858                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         16757      1.28%      1.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            820934     62.82%     64.11% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             1764      0.13%     64.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     64.24% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd             472      0.04%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              67      0.01%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv               9      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     64.28% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           266223     20.37%     84.66% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          168862     12.92%     97.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          31634      2.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1306723                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              48798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             48798                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              933                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            12685                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             6693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            6693                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62596                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        62937                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                125533                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2003072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2295862                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                4298934                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           11568                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            80659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.143195                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.350274                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  69109     85.68%     85.68% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                  11550     14.32%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              80659                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000430                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   429528000                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2256319701000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              344141088                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                344130204                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1464980324                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 733132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.29                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   100895164                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100895164                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst        42240                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data        23552                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total              65792                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst        42240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total         42240                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks        22592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total           22592                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data          368                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total                1028                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks           353                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total                353                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst     98340504                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data     54832281                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total             153172785                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst     98340504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total         98340504                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks        52597270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total             52597270                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks        52597270                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst     98340504                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data     54832281                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total            205770055                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                        0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       7353                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                     2429     49.95%     49.95% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    2434     50.05%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 4863                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                      2429     50.00%     50.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                     2429     50.00%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  4858                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                365913500     85.23%     85.23% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                63432000     14.77%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            429345500                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                         1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.997946                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.998972                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::1                          1      0.04%      0.04% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         1      0.04%      0.08% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      0.04%      0.12% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::256                      800     33.29%     33.42% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::257                     1600     66.58%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                   2403                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                     6      0.08%      0.08% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  2454     33.66%     33.74% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                       3      0.04%     33.78% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                     2409     33.04%     66.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                 2405     32.99%     99.81% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  14      0.19%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   7291                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel              2415                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                2409                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                2409                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                  2409                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     0                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.997516                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle            nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.998756                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          222864500     51.91%     51.91% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            206481000     48.09%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle                    0      0.00%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                        6                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements               894                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              180450                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               894                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            201.845638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          105                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          151                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1105154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1105154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       162655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          162655                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       112318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         112318                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           83                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       274973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           274973                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       274973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          274973                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          360                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total           32                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            862                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           862                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       163157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       163157                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       112678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       112678                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          115                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       275835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       275835                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       275835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       275835                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.003077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.003195                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.278261                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.278261                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.003125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.003125                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks          564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total               564                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements              1263                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              619253                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1263                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            490.303246                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           36                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           3437403                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          3437403                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       857772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          857772                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       857772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           857772                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       857772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          857772                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1263                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         1263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       859035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       859035                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       859035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       859035                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst       859035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       859035                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.001470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001470                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iocache.tags.replacements                    0                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                    0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                      nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                    0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                   0                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                      1015                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4035.094059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                        2566                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      1015                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.528079                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks      905.182839                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data                 8                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  2361.002745                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data   759.908475                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.220992                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.576417                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.185525                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.985130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4051                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3648                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          120                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.989014                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                     12247                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                    12247                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst          603                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          380                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                     983                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks              564                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                   564                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data          146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                   146                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst           603                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data           526                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                     1129                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst          603                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data          526                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                    1129                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          154                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                   814                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                 214                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data          368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   1028                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst          660                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data          368                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  1028                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1263                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          534                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total                1797                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks          564                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total               564                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data          360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total               360                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1263                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data          894                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                 2157                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst         1263                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data          894                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total                2157                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.288390                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.452977                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.594444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.594444                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522565                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.476588                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.522565                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.411633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.476588                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                  353                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                       353                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq                 814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                814                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback               353                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq               214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp              214                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port         2409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total         2409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   2409                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        88384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total        88384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   88384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              1381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                    1381    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                1381                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               163204                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                 34                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            58836                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              115184                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses                 7                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           22760                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               278388                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses                 41                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            81596                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              503162                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses                21                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          503183                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                   859056                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts              858994                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps                858994                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        693862                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses         175438                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               26265                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts        51693                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               693862                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                175438                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1101219                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       492506                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads       201718                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes       141112                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                278515                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              163306                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             115209                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles                  0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles             859056                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction                1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction                    0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                     89989                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         38000      4.42%      4.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            377952     44.00%     48.42% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult               38      0.00%     48.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     48.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd           69616      8.10%     56.53% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp            9000      1.05%     57.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt           10203      1.19%     58.76% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult          26800      3.12%     61.88% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv            1801      0.21%     62.09% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt            400      0.05%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     62.14% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           163477     19.03%     81.17% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          115216     13.41%     94.58% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          46532      5.42%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total             859035                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq               1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp              1797                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback              564                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             360                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2526                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side         2352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                  4878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        80832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        93312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                 174144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples             2721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean                   1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev                  0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                   2721    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total               2721                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------

---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000512                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                   512040500                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                               2256831741500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                              272193002                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                272186195                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                             1367640130                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                 733132                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.37                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   101901272                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101901272                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.inst       399360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::switch_cpus.data       949376                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_read::total            1348736                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst       399360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_inst_read::total        399360                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::writebacks       443520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bytes_written::total          443520                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.inst         6240                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::switch_cpus.data        14834                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_reads::total               21074                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::writebacks          6930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.num_writes::total               6930                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.inst    779938306                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::switch_cpus.data   1854103338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_read::total            2634041643                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::switch_cpus.inst    779938306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_inst_read::total        779938306                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::writebacks       866181484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_write::total            866181484                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::writebacks       866181484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.inst    779938306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::switch_cpus.data   1854103338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.bw_total::total           3500223127                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                           0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                         0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadDRAM                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWritten                       0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                       0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankRdBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::0                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::1                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::2                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::3                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::4                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::5                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::6                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::7                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::8                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::9                 0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::10                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::11                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::12                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::13                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::14                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.perBankWrBursts::15                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                             0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.totQLat                            0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.totMemAccLat                       0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.totBusLat                          0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.avgQLat                          nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgBusLat                        nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgMemAccLat                     nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBW                         0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBW                         0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.peakBW                      12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.busUtil                         0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilRead                     0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.busUtilWrite                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       0.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHits                        0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.readRowHitRate                   nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.writeRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                           nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.pageHitRate                      nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls_0.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_0.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.actEnergy                        0                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preEnergy                        0                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.readEnergy                       0                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.writeEnergy                      0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.refreshEnergy                    0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.actBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.preBackEnergy                    0                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.totalEnergy                      0                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls_1.averagePower                     0                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::REF             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT             0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.dtb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.dtb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.dtb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.dtb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.dtb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.dtb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.dtb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_hits                           0                       # ITB hits
system.cpu.itb.fetch_misses                         0                       # ITB misses
system.cpu.itb.fetch_acv                            0                       # ITB acv
system.cpu.itb.fetch_accesses                       0                       # ITB accesses
system.cpu.itb.read_hits                            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.read_misses                          0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.read_acv                             0                       # DTB read access violations
system.cpu.itb.read_accesses                        0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.write_hits                           0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.write_misses                         0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.write_acv                            0                       # DTB write access violations
system.cpu.itb.write_accesses                       0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.data_hits                            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu.itb.data_misses                          0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu.itb.data_acv                             0                       # DTB access violations
system.cpu.itb.data_accesses                        0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu.numCycles                                0                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.committedInsts                           0                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                             0                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_func_calls                           0                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts            0                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_int_insts                            0                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads                   0                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes                  0                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                             0                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_load_insts                           0                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_store_insts                          0                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                          0                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles                          0                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                        1                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.idle_fraction                            0                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                        0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                       0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                          0                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.kern.inst.arm                            0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.quiesce                       11                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.inst.hwrei                       3939                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::0                      913     43.46%     43.46% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::21                      95      4.52%     47.98% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::31                    1093     52.02%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_count::total                 2101                       # number of times we switched to this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::0                       911     47.52%     47.52% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::21                       95      4.96%     52.48% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::31                      911     47.52%    100.00% # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_good::total                  1917                       # number of times we switched to this ipl from a different ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::0                421408500     82.30%     82.30% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::21                 7114500      1.39%     83.69% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::31                83509000     16.31%    100.00% # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_ticks::total            512032000                       # number of cycles we spent at this ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::0                  0.997809                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::21                        1                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::31                 0.833486                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.ipl_used::total              0.912423                       # fraction of swpipl calls that actually changed the ipl
system.cpu.kern.syscall::2                          1      3.33%      3.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::3                          2      6.67%     10.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::4                          5     16.67%     26.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::6                          3     10.00%     36.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::17                         2      6.67%     43.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::19                         1      3.33%     46.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::33                         1      3.33%     50.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::45                         4     13.33%     63.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::48                         1      3.33%     66.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::54                         1      3.33%     70.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::59                         1      3.33%     73.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::71                         6     20.00%     93.33% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::73                         1      3.33%     96.67% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::74                         1      3.33%    100.00% # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.syscall::total                     30                       # number of syscalls executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpctx                   121      5.29%      5.29% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::tbi                        6      0.26%      5.55% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::swpipl                  1714     74.91%     80.46% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdps                      31      1.35%     81.82% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::wrusp                      1      0.04%     81.86% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdusp                      1      0.04%     81.91% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rti                      292     12.76%     94.67% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::callsys                   47      2.05%     96.72% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::imb                        9      0.39%     97.12% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::rdunique                  66      2.88%    100.00% # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.callpal::total                   2288                       # number of callpals executed
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::kernel               409                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::user                 195                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch::idle                   4                       # number of protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::kernel                 197                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::user                   195                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_good::idle                     2                      
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel     0.481663                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::user              1                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::idle       0.500000                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_switch_good::total      0.648026                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::kernel          371751000     72.60%     72.60% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::user            133037000     25.98%     98.59% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.mode_ticks::idle              7244000      1.41%    100.00% # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.cpu.kern.swap_context                      121                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.cpu.dcache.tags.replacements             25578                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse                  256                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              457404                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             25834                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             17.705504                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data          256                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          223                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           33                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1432514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1432514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       172337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          172337                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::switch_cpus.data       147450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         147450                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total         3018                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         3350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total         3350                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data       319787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           319787                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data       319787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          319787                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        14789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         14789                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::switch_cpus.data        10364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        10364                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::switch_cpus.data          426                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total          426                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        25153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          25153                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        25153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         25153                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       187126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       187126                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data       157814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       157814                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total         3444                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data         3350                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total         3350                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data       344940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       344940                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data       344940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       344940                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.079032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.079032                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.065672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.065672                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.123693                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.123693                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.072920                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.072920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.072920                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.dcache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::writebacks        15353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             15353                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.cpu.icache.tags.replacements             16619                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           255.986488                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             1270989                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs             16875                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs             75.317867                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                 0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst   255.986488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.999947                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          103                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           59                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           4045330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          4045330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst       990550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          990550                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst       990550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           990550                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst       990550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          990550                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst        16626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         16626                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst        16626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total          16626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst        16626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total         16626                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1007176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      1007176                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1007176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      1007176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst      1007176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      1007176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.016508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.016508                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.016508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.016508                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.016508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.016508                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.fast_writes                       0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.cpu.icache.cache_copies                      0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.cpu.icache.no_allocate_misses                0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.disk0.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk0.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_bytes                    12288                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk0.dma_write_txs                          3                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.disk2.dma_read_full_pages                    0                       # Number of full page size DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_bytes                         0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA reads (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_read_txs                           0                       # Number of DMA read transactions (not PRD).
system.disk2.dma_write_full_pages                   0                       # Number of full page size DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_bytes                        0                       # Number of bytes transfered via DMA writes.
system.disk2.dma_write_txs                          0                       # Number of DMA write transactions.
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadReq                  588                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::ReadResp                 588                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteReq                 630                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteResp                438                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          202                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           12                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio          736                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          952                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio          144                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.bridge.master::total         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total          390                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_count::total                    2436                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.cchip.pio          808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.pchip.pio           48                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.io.pio         1012                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.uart.pio          476                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::system.tsunami.ide.pio           81                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.bridge.master::total         2425                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::system.iocache.cpu_side        12312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size_system.tsunami.ide.dma::total        12312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iobus.pkt_size::total                    14737                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.iocache.tags.replacements                  195                       # number of replacements
system.iocache.tags.tagsinuse                      16                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.iocache.tags.total_refs                      0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.sampled_refs                  211                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.avg_refs                        0                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.iocache.tags.warmup_cycle                    0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.iocache.tags.occ_blocks::tsunami.ide           16                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::tsunami.ide            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_percent::total              1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1023           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1023::2           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.iocache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1023            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.iocache.tags.tag_accesses                 1755                       # Number of tag accesses
system.iocache.tags.data_accesses                1755                       # Number of data accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_misses::total                3                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::tsunami.ide          192                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_misses::total          192                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.demand_misses::total                 3                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.overall_misses::total                3                       # number of overall misses
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.ReadReq_accesses::total              3                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::tsunami.ide          192                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_accesses::total          192                       # number of WriteInvalidateReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.iocache.demand_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.demand_accesses::total               3                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::tsunami.ide            3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.overall_accesses::total              3                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.WriteInvalidateReq_miss_rate::total            1                       # miss rate for WriteInvalidateReq accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.demand_miss_rate::total              1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::tsunami.ide            1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.overall_miss_rate::total             1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.iocache.fast_writes                          0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.iocache.cache_copies                         0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.iocache.writebacks::writebacks             192                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.writebacks::total                  192                       # number of writebacks
system.iocache.no_allocate_misses                   0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.l2.tags.replacements                     21077                       # number of replacements
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  4026.766752                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                       55017                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     25092                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      2.192611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1197.470101                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.inst                 1                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu.data          6.308230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.inst  1599.678336                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::switch_cpus.data  1222.310085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.292351                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.inst         0.000244                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu.data         0.001540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.inst     0.390546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::switch_cpus.data     0.298416                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.983097                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          4015                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0         1044                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1         2932                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980225                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                    261637                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                   261637                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.inst        10386                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         8967                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.ReadReq_hits::total                   19353                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::writebacks            15353                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.Writeback_hits::total                 15353                       # number of Writeback hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total                    1                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::switch_cpus.data         1775                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                  1775                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.inst         10386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::switch_cpus.data         10742                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    21128                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.inst        10386                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::switch_cpus.data        10742                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   21128                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6240                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         6248                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadReq_misses::total                 12488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::switch_cpus.data         8588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                8588                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6240                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::switch_cpus.data        14836                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  21076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.inst         6240                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::switch_cpus.data        14836                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 21076                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        16626                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        15215                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadReq_accesses::total               31841                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::writebacks        15353                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.Writeback_accesses::total             15353                       # number of Writeback accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data            1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total                1                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::switch_cpus.data        10363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             10363                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        16626                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                42204                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.inst        16626                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::switch_cpus.data        25578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               42204                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375316                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.410647                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadReq_miss_rate::total           0.392199                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.828718                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.828718                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.580030                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.499384                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.inst     0.375316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::switch_cpus.data     0.580030                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.499384                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.fast_writes                               0                       # number of fast writes performed
system.l2.cache_copies                              0                       # number of cache copies performed
system.l2.writebacks::writebacks                 6738                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                      6738                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.no_allocate_misses                        0                       # Number of misses that were no-allocate
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadReq               13076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              13076                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteReq                438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteResp               438                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::Writeback              6930                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateReq          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WriteInvalidateResp          192                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq                2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp               2                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              8586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             8586                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.iocache.mem_side::total          582                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2046                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        48890                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side::total        50936                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  51518                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port        24768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.iocache.mem_side::total        24768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.bridge.slave         2425                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls.port      1779968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side::total      1782393                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 1807161                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             29224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                   29224    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               29224                       # Request fanout histogram
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_hits                   0                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_misses                 0                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.dtb.fetch_accesses               0                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_hits               189788                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_misses                880                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_acv                    12                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.read_accesses            56428                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_hits              161531                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_misses               157                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_acv                   19                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.write_accesses           28039                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_hits               351319                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_misses               1037                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_acv                    31                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.dtb.data_accesses            84467                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_hits              304363                       # ITB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_misses               488                       # ITB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_acv                    0                       # ITB acv
system.switch_cpus.itb.fetch_accesses          304851                       # ITB accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_hits                    0                       # DTB read hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_misses                  0                       # DTB read misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_acv                     0                       # DTB read access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.read_accesses                0                       # DTB read accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_hits                   0                       # DTB write hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_misses                 0                       # DTB write misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_acv                    0                       # DTB write access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.write_accesses               0                       # DTB write accesses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_acv                     0                       # DTB access violations
system.switch_cpus.itb.data_accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.switch_cpus.numCycles                  1024092                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsStarted              0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.switch_cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.switch_cpus.committedInsts             1006108                       # Number of instructions committed
system.switch_cpus.committedOps               1006108                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.switch_cpus.num_int_alu_accesses        967102                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_alu_accesses           4783                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.switch_cpus.num_func_calls               32786                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.switch_cpus.num_conditional_control_insts       102022                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.switch_cpus.num_int_insts               967102                       # number of integer instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_insts                  4783                       # number of float instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_reads      1335773                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_int_register_writes       689982                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_reads         3038                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.switch_cpus.num_fp_register_writes         2928                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.switch_cpus.num_mem_refs                354117                       # number of memory refs
system.switch_cpus.num_load_insts              192047                       # Number of load instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_store_insts             162070                       # Number of store instructions
system.switch_cpus.num_idle_cycles       16426.212406                       # Number of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.num_busy_cycles       1007665.787594                       # Number of busy cycles
system.switch_cpus.not_idle_fraction         0.983960                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.idle_fraction             0.016040                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.switch_cpus.Branches                    143465                       # Number of branches fetched
system.switch_cpus.op_class::No_OpClass         18769      1.86%      1.86% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntAlu            598900     59.46%     61.33% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntMult             1044      0.10%     61.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IntDiv                 0      0.00%     61.43% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatAdd            1349      0.13%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCmp               5      0.00%     61.56% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatCvt              13      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatMult              1      0.00%     61.57% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatDiv             246      0.02%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::FloatSqrt              0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAdd                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAddAcc             0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdAlu                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCmp                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdCvt                0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMisc               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMult               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShift              0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdSqrt               0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     61.59% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemRead           199050     19.76%     81.35% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::MemWrite          162444     16.13%     97.48% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::IprAccess          25355      2.52%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.op_class::total            1007176                       # Class of executed instruction
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.arm                    0                       # number of arm instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.quiesce                0                       # number of quiesce instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.inst.hwrei                  0                       # number of hwrei instructions executed
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::kernel            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::user            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch::idle            0                       # number of protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::kernel            0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::user             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_good::idle             0                      
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::kernel          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::user          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::idle          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_switch_good::total          nan                       # fraction of useful protection mode switches
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::kernel            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::user            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.mode_ticks::idle            0                       # number of ticks spent at the given mode
system.switch_cpus.kern.swap_context                0                       # number of times the context was actually changed
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadReq              32426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             32426                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteReq               438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WriteResp              438                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::Writeback            15353                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq               1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp              1                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            10363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           10363                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        33252                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side        68557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                101809                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      1064064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side::system.l2.cpu_side      2622009                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                3686073                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                             198                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            58776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            1.003318                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.057504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                      0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                  58581     99.67%     99.67% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                    195      0.33%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              58776                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAReads                0                       # Number of descriptors the device read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDMAWrites               0                       # Number of descriptors the device wrote w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaReadBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes read w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.descDmaWriteBytes            0                       # number of descriptor bytes write w/ DMA
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedSwi                   0                       # number of software interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedSwi              nan                       # average number of Swi's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalSwi                    0                       # total number of Swi written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxIdle                0                       # number of rxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxIdle           nan                       # average number of RxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxIdle                 0                       # total number of RxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOk                  0                       # number of RxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOk             nan                       # average number of RxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOk                   0                       # total number of RxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxDesc                0                       # number of RxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxDesc           nan                       # average number of RxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxDesc                 0                       # total number of RxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxOk                  0                       # number of TxOk interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxOk             nan                       # average number of TxOk's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxOk                   0                       # total number of TxOk written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxIdle                0                       # number of TxIdle interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxIdle           nan                       # average number of TxIdle's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxIdle                 0                       # total number of TxIdle written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedTxDesc                0                       # number of TxDesc interrupts posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTxDesc           nan                       # average number of TxDesc's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalTxDesc                 0                       # total number of TxDesc written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedRxOrn                 0                       # number of RxOrn posted to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedRxOrn            nan                       # average number of RxOrn's coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.totalRxOrn                  0                       # total number of RxOrn written to ISR
system.tsunami.ethernet.coalescedTotal            nan                       # average number of interrupts coalesced into each post
system.tsunami.ethernet.postedInterrupts            0                       # number of posts to CPU
system.tsunami.ethernet.droppedPackets              0                       # number of packets dropped

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
